doc(release): Add release notes for release 20260700 collect 24.10 (#5511)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## July 10, 2026

### Centreon Collect 24.10.23

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [Broker] Fixed a coredump caused by a dangling pointer when the cache file grows and relocates in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Fixed a crash caused by a dangling pointer that occurred when the cache file grew and was moved to a new location in memory.
```

> - [Broker] Fixed cbd storing old connections that no longer exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Fixed an issue where cbd was storing old connections that no longer existed.
```

> - [Broker] Fixed handle of empty response from mariadb in specific cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Fixed an issue where centreon-broker could lose monitoring data during database purge operations caused by a MariaDB 10.11.11 regression (empty error packets).
```

</details>

### Centreon Monitoring Agent 24.10.18

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

> - [CMA] Fixed agent failing to start with hostnames with less than 5 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CMA] Fixed an issue where the agent failed to start with hostnames less than 5 characters long.
```

> - [CMA] File native check can now trigger alerts on empty result set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CMA] The File native check now supports alert triggering on empty result sets, allowing you to detect missing files or empty directories using warning-status and critical-status conditions.
```
